This version includes a simple install file. Copy all the files into a folder then run GGTHPredictorSetup_Simple.exe
IMPORTANT - Do not forget to compile the EA in metaeditor.
<strong>PLEASE NOTE</strong>
Using the strategy tester requires you to use the Generate Backest predictions. Simply select that as an option in the menu and run it. It will create a csv of the epredictions it would have made in real time that the ea can use diuring backtesting.
<p>There is a problem when using Ai and the built in strategy tester. The ai will automatically start looking ahead one bar (cheating) for its predictions and this will create an extreamly accurate prediction in strategy tester 98%-100%.</p>
<p> This means the only way you can use strategy tester and get an accurate result is to change these settings "use predictions as take profit" to false. Then change the setting for "take profit" to something like 20. Then change "min prediction distance to make trade" to the same as your TP</p>
<p> changing the setting in strategy tester to this will keep the AI from cheating and avoid massive curve fitting</p>
<p> I also like the option of using the AI as a trade confimation and using a 2 to 3 profit ratio like setting minimum distance to 10 and take profit to 90 leaving the stop loss at 50. Play around with it and you will see the benefits of using ai porediction in real time.</p>

<p><strong> Why am I doing this?</strong></p>
<p> I've been trading a long time and I can tell you that none of the out of the box indicators in any combination is going to work for consistant profits</p>
<p> Think about it, if there was, don't you think the holy grail would have been easily found by now? especially with algo trading and computers processing every scenario with these known indicators. That is why you need to find an edge that is actually capable of processing beyond what a human can do and doesnt rely on known methods that can be used against you by large institutions. The AI revolution will give us a small window to take serious advantage of the big guys and get ahead of them for once. Even if you don't want to use the expet advisor to trade you can turn off live trading and take advantage of using the Ai to help you with trade paralysis. If your trading system matches the AI prediction then you have a high probabilioty the trade will go your way and to fire in the order</p>
<p> It gets down to the fact that lone wolf trading is hard and we are a small perentage of the daily trading volume. Lets help each other navigate these markets and exploit this once in a life time opportunity. We've got the edge now lets use it.</p>
